[Music]
when we wake
hear the birds and see the sun
[Music]
it's my first day out and about
um i actually haven't been in a shop the
whole of lockdown
like i haven't been food shopping once
so i'm actually kind of apprehensive for
this
i'm gonna get a food order and i'm
planning on basically primarily using
food orders this
term because i don't want to um
unnecessarily go into shops
but i really want some detail spray so
i'm going to go
in and get loads of disinfectant and
some bits to tie me over to weight
we know what we have let's hold on tight
found what we're looking for in life
call us crazy but things are finally
right
with you and i the future is
so blakely and i met up with sasha today
and
it was so so lovely for us all to be
together again uh we went to sacred
grounds for brunch which is my
absolute favorite place to eat in exeter
also between lockdown we were writing
letters between each other and
blakely put together this book of all of
the letters like got it printed
and it honestly looks incredible
[Music]
oh my gosh all of us just fell for that
that's so
funny yeah they do
um uh i don't know you can say i lost my
mind i will keep on holding my head
high even if the sky is falling
[Music]
down
okay i'm back now from town and we had
such a lovely time
out and i'm pretty tired actually i feel
like i haven't socialized that much
obviously during lockdown so
um it's quite strange and it's strange
to be in a city again i haven't been
in a town or city for the whole last six
months i did
buy a few things because there are a few
things i
needed that i forgot i got some
toothpaste
eraser soap i'm gonna use this one in my
bedroom and then this one's for the
bathroom i ran out of my exfoliator
two months ago so i bought it again and
lush this was 11 pounds which is quite
expensive i think the last thing i
bought was this it's from a charity shop
it's a bowl this was only a pound
then we got back and i got to unpacking
i hadn't really done much unpacking as
in i hadn't done any unpacking
so enjoy this montage
[Music]
do
so
[Music]
so i feel like i made a very big mistake
with how i've organized this room
because even though i really like the
position of the desk now i always like
looking out over light
and obviously the lighting here is very
good too but the rest of my room i think
looks very cutted as a result
so i can't work out my mind whether i
want to move it or keep it how it is
i know that i'll play around with this a
lot during the next year
um but at the moment i guess i'll start
with this
and um i'm actually going to do like
proper decor
uh tomorrow so i just wanted to get
everything unpacked and arranged today
and then i'm going to put up my fairy
lights i'm going to put together a dark
academia mood board put up photographs
tomorrow so um i just wanted to focus on
this today
it's six o'clock and uh blakey and i are
going to have
a house meeting uh we've made an agenda
it's gonna be like a three hour of uh we
just
both very much craving a meeting and so
um i'm gonna go downstairs for that now
and i
will see you in a little bit long story
short i didn't end up filming this
evening and i'm really sorry about that
but we had our house meeting we made
dinner and
then i ended up going to bed pretty late
thank you so much for watching this
video
i will see you tomorrow for tomorrow's
vlog and i hope that you have a
productive week